no.1: 42.
no.2: There are only 2 human genders.
no.3: Womble is a faggot.
no.4: Hitler gained his 'military tactics' by working as a HQ runner during WW1. By WW2 his tactics were outdated.
no.5: Hitler and Germany were so dependent on foreign countries for resources that Hitler broke the non-agression pact with the soviets to get oil.
no.6: A Spinda's spot pattern is determined by its personality value, meaning that there can be exactly 4,294,967,296 different Spinda.
no.7: William Henry Harrison was the shortest-serving president of the United States, dying on April 4, 1841, after barely a month in office.
no.8: The holes in Swiss cheese are cause by P. shermani, a species of bacteria, which releases carbon dioxide when it consumes the lactic acid and forms bubbles. The bubbles don't just disappear, they form little air pockets, resulting in the holes of the Swiss cheese.
no.9: Official written orders for the elimination of Jews by Hitler have never been found but his speeches are very clear on the subject.
no.10: Ewoks first appeared in the film Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi (1983). They have since been featured in two made-for-television films, Caravan of Courage: An Ewok Adventure and Ewoks: The Battle for Endor, as well as an animated series and several books and games.
no.11: The only remains that were available for identifying Hitlers body was a lower jaw with teeth and dental work.
no.12: The painting 'The Starry Night' from Vincent Van Gogh had been painted in his ground-floor studio.
no.13: Nutella has a sun protection factor of 9.7.
no.14: Hitler was appointed Chancellor of Germany in 1933 by Paul von Hindenburg.
no.15: According to Sun Tzu all warfare is based on deception.
no.16: 'The Art of War' is being used in a lot of different environments. Despite the theme being about war, it is a valuable book, even for normal day use.
no.17: In the movie 'Police Story' when Jackie Chan slides down a pole in the end scene, he shocks himself, burns his hands, damages his back and dislocates his pelvis.
no.18: You can be punished by death when you kill a panda in China. Trust me. DON'T try it.
no.19: Banging your head against a wall burns 150 calories an hour! I advise against trying it though, there are better ways of burning calories.. or are there?
no.20: When hippos are upset their sweat turns red.
no.21: Cherophobia is the fear of fun. This guy next to me has it, trust me.
no.22: Human saliva has a boiling point three times that of regular water. Don't ask me how I found out.
no.23: Our beloved King Henry VIII slept with an axe beside him!
no.24: If Pinokio said that his nose will grow now it would create a paradox and the universe could explode from that. Or something similar. Maybe.
no.25: If you consistently fart for 6 years and 9 months you would be able to produce enough gas to cover the energy cost of a whole atomic bomb. Why do I know this? Just look at Vijo, damn!
no.26: Hitler's mother considered abortion, but the doctor persuaded her to keep the baby. It was a good thing she did. Uhh.. who said that? Wasn't me!
no.27: Arab women can initiate a divorce if their husband doesn't pour coffee for them.
no.28: The French language has seventeen different words for ‘surrender’. This is my favorite fact.
no.29: About 8000 Americans are injured by musical instruments each year.
no.30: Slugs have 4 noses.
no.31: Birds do not urinate.
no.32: Dr. Kellogg introduced Kellogg Corn Flakes in hopes that it would reduce masturbation.
no.33: Los Angeles’s full name is 'El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de los Angeles de Porciuncula.'
no.34: If there's porn of it, it exists... No wait, sorry, that was rule 34!
no.35: J.K. Rowling chose the unusual name ‘Hermione’ so young girls wouldn’t be teased for being nerdy.
no.36: Panphobia is the fear of everything... Good thing to have amiright?!
no.37: A tapir has the largest penis-to-body ratio of any animal. Next to me. :^)
no.38: According to Genesis 1:20-22 the chicken came before the egg.
no.39: Upon losing battles, apes will tend to masturbate. This is a good confirmation that Vijo is not an ape, because this baboon does it all the time.
no.40: Kleenex tissues were originally used as filters in gas masks.
no.41: Hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia is the fear of long words.
no.42: The German language doesn't even have that many long words. It does, however, have the option to combine/line up a lot of words to make 'new' ones.
no.43: Pickles as well as tomatoes are berries.
no.44: Humans used to be able to move their ears. The muscles required for this have been neglected and while they still exist, they do not offer any use. Pathetic humans!
no.45: The toothpaste 'Colgate' translates to 'go hang yourself' in Spanish.
no.46: Although no one uses the word, the correct word for 'Flip Flops' in German is 'Zwischenzehenstegsandale'. It can be translated roughly into 'Footbridge between toes'. Don't ask me how they got that idea.
no.47: I like to use long words so people think I'm photosynthesis.
no.48: At the Boston Tea Party, the American people did not drink tea. In fact, they destroyed tea!
no.49: Ozzy Osbourne failed his driving test 19 times.
no.50: There used to be segregation on buses, where black and white people were not allowed to sit at the same spots. Rosa Parks was once sitting in the black section and a white man walked up to her and told her to get up. She refused. Later on she got punished for that by court.
no.51: This is fact no. 51!
no.52: This is not fact no.51...
no.53: George W. Bush used to be a cheerleader at the Philipps Academy.
no.54: There are no trees alllowed on a football/soccer field in Germany since 1896.
no.55: Ketchup is a Chinese invention, where as Chop Suey is an American invention.
no.56: Horses are not allowed to eat hydrants in New York. A friend told me about that, right before I was about to go to New York with my horse!
no.57: The earth is not a ball, it's a spheroid! Or as you'd call it in German: ROTATIONSELLIPSOID!
no.58: You are not allowed to have sex with a porcupine in Florida. I do not want how and when someone thought of this law - it had to come up someway.
no.59: There used to be a radish punishment in Ancient Greece, where a dude, who had sex with a different woman (not his wife) got punished by getting radish put up his anus. Kinda bad if the person is gay and likes to experiment regarding fetishes though.
no.60: The National Flag of the Philippines will switch its colors (blue/red) when they are at war.
no.61: Louis Armstrong once asked President Richard Nixon to carry his bags through customs for him, because he 'was an old man'. The bags had marijuana in them!
no.62: Vijo WILL be interrupted. He deserves it.
no.63: Kangaroos use their tails for balance, so if you lift a kangaroo's tail off the ground, it can't hop. Do not try this at home though. Or do, I ain't no rule person.
no.64: Eiichiro Oda (the creator of One Piece) draws 21 hours each day, denying as much help as possible, because he wants to draw the majority for himself. He also dislikes reusing old scenes, so he draws them up from scratch again. After being sick for 2 weeks he even apologized for it to his fans.
no.65: Eiichiro Oda (the creator of One Piece) is a huge Eminem fan!
no.66: Eminem's real name is Marshall Bruce Mathers. Short it'd be MM. Em'n'em. Eminem.
no.67: Snakes have 2 dicks... Well, male snakes, I guess.
no.68: The testicles of a whale can weigh around a ton.
no.69: Läderlappen. Spindelmannen. Both are 2 superheroes in Swedish! As a German it is hilarious, because Batman is now called 'Leather-rag' and Spiderman is 'Spindle-man'. The German translation uses the international names luckily.
no.70: Steve-O stappled his testicles in 2005 to his thighs.
no.71: There ain't no Latin word for yes! To think that people laugh at Vijo for not knowing what 'Yes' means in Latin, heh, nerds!
no.72: Because of lack of space, the mayor of Britiba-Mirim passed a law to make it illegal for people to die. If someone died there wasn't any specific punishment for them, but rather for the relatives of dead person, like fines or a free 'Go to Jail'-card!
no.73: It needs to be exactly -67,7777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777777778°C in order for the human breath to freeze and fall onto the ground. How I know that? D.o.n.o.t.a.s.k.
no.74: Aliens are not allowed to start/land in Châteauneuf-du-Pape, France (prohibited by law).
no.75: Vijo's favorite joke is the following:"How many Germans do you need to switch out a lightbulb? - One, they are efficient and lack humour!"
no.76: Schizophrenia and multiple personalit disorder are not the same. One of the main symptoms of Schizophrenia is, being able to hallucinate (seeing things/hearing voices).
no.77: The German version of the game 'Command & Conquer: Generals' has one of the most ridiculous censorship problems. In order to 'protect' our youngsters the country decided to re-do a big chunk of the game. They changed the icons of units to be cyborgs (putting in certain machine-like features), they switched the story to be around cyborgs and machinized the voices. Some units have been switched around completely (f.ex. the Terrorist). Bless this country!
no.78: Sullivan's Theorem: In film-reviewing situations, the integer five (5) is roughly equivalent to the integer seven (7). Note: This is not applicable in any other scenario.
no.79: Back in second grade Vijo's teacher said that no one will leave the room until they are finished moving stuff around. Vijo being the obedient idiot he is, tried not to go to the toilet. Time goes on and weeelll... The teacher asked what 'that' is. Vijo answered 'Apple juice'. Even this soon he was a fucker that takes everything literally.
no.80: The American Presidents 'Lincoln' and 'Kennedy' both had a lot of similarities. They got elected into Congress and elected President in the same year (with 100 years of difference). Lincoln had a secretary named Kennedy and Kennedy one named Lincoln. Both were shot on a friday, Lincoln in the Ford Theatre, Kennedy in a Lincoln, made by Ford. And a lot more!
no.81: Hannie Schaft was one of the most famous Dutch resistance members during the time of the Nazis. She killed a lot of Nazis by luring them into the forest for a promised kiss and then shooting them with her friends. During her execution the first shot failed to kill her and she said:"Hah, even I shoot better!". The executioner then unloaded his whole machine gun into her.
no.82: Bees don't care what humans think is impossible.
no.83: Dunkey beat Sky in Smash.
no.84: There was a religion in medieval Europe (ohh!). It's called Cathar and was a splinter of Christianty, with the difference that women and men had equal rights and homosexuality was tolerated.
no.85: Dennis Leary once said (talking about the assassination of John Kennedy and his brother: We shoot JFK, we shoot RFK and when it comes to Teddy, we go 'Ahh, leave him alone, he'll fuck it up himself, no problem, you know' biggest target in the whole goddamn Kennedy family.
no.86: Ted Kennedy on why he did not want to run for president:"They're going to shoot my ass off the way they shot Bobby..."
no.87: When Socrates was asked to propose his own punishment, he suggested a wage paid by the government and free dinners for the rest of his life.
no.88: 88 can also mean HH (because H equals 8; 8th letter in the alphabet and all). And I'm not going to say what that means. Even I have my limits!
no.89: No circus is allowed to measure 'giants' or the horses. This way every circus could have the world's tallest man and smallest horse!
no.90: The indie developers of 'Game Dev Story' uploaded a cracked version of their game onto The Pirate Bay. In this version of the game your company would never succeed, because of people pirating your game.
no.91: The abbreviation of the Secret Service of the President of the United States is USSS.
no.92: When the Soviet Union was pushing towards Berlin an SS soldier was forced to play a piano for his captors. They made it clear in sign language that he would be executed once he stops. He collapsed in tears after playing 22 hours straight. They congratulated him and then shot him.
no.93: Scuba divers roll backwards out of boats. If they rolled forwards they would crash into the boat.
no.94: Back when this idiot called 'Vijo' was like 7 and went on the toilet in a super market, he locked the door and couldn't unlock it after that. He cried and yelled that he'll die, what a doofus!
no.95: Ott (the surname of Vijo) can also mean weed. :   ^)
no.96: Normally you record each voice actor on their own, however the Bob's Burgers cast is always together when recording to make the back and forth of the characters more realistic. (These are two facts in one, huzzah!)
no.97: The Imperial Chinese dog was bred as a footwarmer.
no.98: 'Wild' Bill Hickock once avoided being shot, by pretending someone was standing behind the person that was about to shoot him. He told the 'person standing behind the gunner' that he should not shoot the gunner, because he's drunk. The gunner turned around and then got shot by Bill Hickock.
no.99: The Inca did not use horses or wheels, but they had people that could traverse 2000km of land within 6 days - atleast that's what is said to be, if that was really true.. well, it's very unlikely looking at how much they'd need to run each day at what speed.
no.100: We've made it!
no.101: The Inca had buildings that were able to survive earth quakes due to their special structure!
no.102: The  capital of the Inca was structured like a puma (looking at it from the sky).
no.103: Tony Hawk had his own brand of toilet paper, because his agency thought they could sell anything with his name on it... "Even toilet paper"!
no.104: According to the game "Call of Juarez: Gunslinger" people normally die, when they get hit by a bullet in the face.
no.105: The... 'actress' 'Marie McCray' started working as a webcam model when she was 16 and her career lasted exactly four days. Then it was discovered she was underage.
no.106: Before women came to the good ol' Wild West, there weren't any real towns! Men needed what women could 'provide', so towns started developing around the... 'working places' of women. (Rest of this fact is spread to others, because it's quite long)
no.107: (Continuing the previous fact of how women developed the Wild West!) They earned a lot more money than their... customers, so they managed to gain power by building schools or houses and, as well as providing money to people that could not work because of injuries.
no.108: (Still continuing the previous fact of how women developed the Wild West...) In 1869 Wyoming was the first 'state' that allowed women to vote, they refused to join the Union as a real state, unless women kept their right to vote ("We may stay out of the Union 100 years, but we will come in with our women.").
no.109: Wyoming had the first female governor in 1924!
no.110: Vijo is one special breed. His genes are full of corruption. First off, he is a German, which means he bears an ancient rivalry with the Frenchmen. Furthermore, he is a Swabian and those are sworn enemies of the Bavarians (both of which are German people). To top it off, he is from Wuerttemberg, which also is rivaled with Baden. He is full of hate!
no.111: Russia has to bomb rivers every winter to prevent dangerous flooding caused by the ice dams, pathetic! Then again, you have to show nature who the boss is.
no.112: The Swiss military had a bugged tank, where if you turn on the heater the main gun could be caused to fire. Anyone tired of the cold war? - On a more serious note, this seems like a feature the Swiss would put in there *cough Swiss Army Knives and all cough*!
no.113: Slave laborers manipulated tanks they built for the Germans so they had worse quality than their what they should have.
no.114: Due to its frequent name changes, it is possible that someone was born in St. Petersburg, went to school in Petrograd, got married in Leningrad and died in St. Petersburg (again). All this could have happened without every moving once!
no.115: When a snake bites someone, sucking the blood out won't help. Just call a medic ASAP.
no.116: Pineapples. They. do. nOT. GROW. ON. TREES. Also most countries call them 'Ananas' (or something similar), but hey, why use a name that everyone uses, when you can use one that doesn't make any sense, right?!
no.117: The Nazi party was actually fine with gay people, because they 'strengthened the bond between the people'. The leader of the SA (Hitler's first personal army) was gay and he appointed a few other gay people. Once Goering showed him some fake evidence that the SA planned on killing him, he ordered to kill them instead and thus the SS replaced the SA.
no.118: Hitler lost one of his balls to a grenade in WWI. I guess that's a good reason to get some revenge.
no.119: Almost a century ago there was a very special day. On this day BBC didn't have anything to report, so they resorted to play piano music instead for the whole day!
no.120: The 7th time that park ranger Roy Sullivan was struck by lightning coincided with the 22nd time he fought off a bear with a stick.
